# YouTubeTranscriptJsUtils
These are some utility HTML/JavaScript apps that I find useful in my workflow for grabbing and fixing YouTube transcripts.

The code for some of these were actually generated by ChatGPT 3.5, and tweaked by me. 

Why did I use ChatGPT? 
- I wanted to see the kind of code ChatGPT could generate.
- I wanted to bang out something quick and easy (this code was generated in seconds) so I could have something useful to get my work done
- since I'm mainly a C# developer, it is a lot easier for me to debug and modify the generated code than to futz around and do the necessary JavaScript review to write this from scratch

## How to Use
1. Copy a YouTube video URL
2. Open up captionsGrabber.html, and paste the URL into the first textArea.
3. Click **Convert URL** to generate the CaptionsGrabber URL for that video and copy it into the second textArea.
4. Click **Open New URL** to open the CaptionsGrabber URL in a new tab.
5. Copy the transcript from the CaptionsGrabber page.
6. Paste the transcript into your text editor of choice, and break it up into small enough tokens to paste into ChatGPT.
7. Open up textPrepender.html, and copy the first token into the textArea.
8. Click "Copy to Clipboard" to prepend the ChatGPT prompt to the token, and then copy the entire thing to the clipboard.
9. Paste it into ChatGPT to have it fix the transcript (adding punctuation, capitalization, and paragraph breaks).
10. Repeat steps 7-9 for each token.

## ChatGPT Prompts
These are the prompts that were used to generate much of the code.

### captionsGrabber.html
<code>Please give me some HTML & JavaScript that does the following:

It will accept a URL in a textarea. When a button is clicked, if the URL contains 
a "v" parameter, it should take that parameter, and include it in the "id" parameter of this URL: 
https://www.captionsgrabber.com/8302/display-captions-as-text.00.php?id=&language=en&type=None , 
and then place that new URL in a new textbox. The new textbox should include a button that will 
open the new URL in a new tab.</code>

The initial code that was generated didn't work because it added the `<script>` to the `<head>` element, which made it run before loading all of the page elements. I moved it to the end of the `<body>` section, and it worked.


I later asked it to give me some CSS:

<code>Can you generate a nice CSS for this?</code>

### textPrepender.html
<code>Please generate some HTML, JavaScript & CSS that does the following: There is a textarea and a button. When I click the button, it should prepend some text to the textarea, copy the entire textarea to the clipboard, and display the copied text in a separate `<div>` elsewhere on the page. The `<div>` should have pink text and a black background. The text to prepend is the following text in quotes: "Please add punctuation, capitalization, and paragraph breaks to this: 
"</code>

The generated CSS was kind of blah, so I  asked it to give me something else:

<code>Can you give me CSS that is closer to what would be used in a fun lifestyle blog?</code>